AWS Academy Cloud Foundation Module 9 Quiz Answers

Q1. Which of the following is not one of the four areas of the Performance Efficiency pillar of the 

        AWS Well-Architected Framework?

   A. Tradeoffs 

   B. Selection 

   C. Traceability 

   D. Monitoring 

   Answer:  [ C ]  Traceability

Q2. Which of the following is a principle when designing cloud-based systems?

   A. Build tightly - coupled components 

   B. Make infrequent , large batch changes

   C. Assume Everything will fail 

   D. Use as many services as possible

  Answer:  [ C ]  Assume everything will fail

Q3. Which of the following are pillars of the AWS Well-Architected Framework? (Choose three)

   A. Security 

   B. Persistence 

   C. Operational Excellence 

   D. Cost Optimization  

Answer: [ A ], [ C ] , [ D ]  Security, Operational Excellence & Cost Optimization  

Q4. Which design principles are recommended when considering performance efficiency? (Choose 2)

   A. Enable traceability 

   B. Use serverless architecture 

   C. Analyze and attribute expenditure 

   D. Match Supply with demand 

   E. Democratize advance technologies  

Answer: [ B ] [ E ] 

                                 Use serverless architecture

                                 Democratize advanced technologies

Q5. AWS Trusted Advisor provides insight regarding which five categories of an AWS account?

A. Performance, cost optimization, security, fault tolerance, service limits. 

B. Security, Fault tolerance, high availability, connectivity, service limits 

C. Performance, cost optimization, access control, connectivity, security 

D. Security, access control, high availability, performance, service limits

Answer: [ A ] 

                       Performance, cost optimization, security, fault tolerance, service limits

Q6. What is the focus of the sustainability pillar of the well - architected Frame work ? 

A. Designing workloads that recover quickly from failures. 

B. Minimize the environmental impacts of the running cloud networks. 

C. Avoid unnecessary cost in cloud networks. 

D. Automating updates to cloud networks. 

Answer: [ B ] Minimize the environmental impacts of the running cloud networks. 

Q7. The AWS Well-Architected Framework is organized into how many pillars?

Answer:  5

Q8. After you move to the AWS Cloud, you want to ensure that the right security settings are put 

       in place. Which online tool can assist in security compliance?

A. Amazon Kinesis 

B. Amazon Support 

C. AWS Trusted Advisor 

D. Amazon Cloud watch 

Answer: [ C]  AWS Trusted Advisor

Q9. Which of the following is a measure of your system's ability to provide functionality when 


       desired by the user?

A. Availability 

B. Fault Tolerance 

C. Reliability 

D. Performance Efficiency 


Answer: [ C]  Reliability

Q10.  What is defined as the ability for a system to remain operational even if some of the 

           components of that system fail?

A. High durability 


B. Fault Tolerance 

C. High availability 

Answer: [ B ] Fault Tolerance

Q11. Which of the following best describes a system that can withstand some measures of 

        degradation, experiences minimal downtime, and requires minimal human intervention

A. Scalable 

B. Fault Tolerant 

C. Elastic 

D. Highly available 

Answer: [ D ] Highly available
